ACWT01a Broca
ACWT02a TransMotor
ACWT03a TransMotor
ACWT04a not aphasic
ACWT05a Broca
ACWT07a not aphasic
ACWT08a Broca
ACWT09a Conduction
ACWT10a Wernicke
ACWT11a Wernicke
ACWT12a Conduction
adler01a Anomic
adler02a Conduction
adler03a not aphasic
adler04a TransMotor
adler05a Conduction
adler06a Wernicke
adler07a not aphasic
adler08a Anomic
adler09a Anomic
adler10a Broca
adler11a Broca
adler12a Anomic
adler13a Broca
adler14a Conduction
adler15a Conduction
adler16a Broca
adler17a Anomic
adler18a TransMotor
adler19a Broca
adler20a Anomic
adler21a Anomic
adler22a not aphasic
adler23a Wernicke
adler24a Anomic
adler25a Broca
BU01a Anomic
BU02a TransMotor
BU03a Conduction
BU04a Anomic
BU05a Anomic
BU06a Anomic
BU07a Broca
BU08a Broca
BU09a Conduction
BU10a Wernicke
BU11a Anomic
BU12a Anomic
cmu01a unk
cmu01b unk
cmu02a unk
cmu02b Broca
cmu03a Anomic
elman01a Conduction
elman01b Conduction
elman02a Conduction
elman03a Broca
elman04a not aphasic
elman05a Anomic
elman06a Broca
elman07a Anomic
elman08a Broca
elman09a Broca
elman10a Anomic
elman11a Broca
elman11b Conduction
elman12a Wernicke
elman13a Anomic
elman14a Wernicke
elman15a Anomic
fridriksson03a Broca
fridriksson04a Anomic
fridriksson05a Anomic
fridriksson06a Conduction
fridriksson07a not aphasic
fridriksson09a Anomic
fridriksson10a Broca
fridriksson11a not aphasic
fridriksson12a Broca
fridriksson13a Conduction
kansas01a Broca
kansas02a Broca
kansas03a not aphasic
kansas04a not aphasic
kansas05a Wernicke
kansas06a Broca
kansas07a not aphasic
kansas08a Broca
kansas09a Broca
kansas10a Conduction
kansas11a Anomic
kansas12a Wernicke
kansas13a Conduction
kansas14a Wernicke
kansas15a Anomic
kansas16a Broca
kansas17a TransMotor
kansas18a Anomic
kansas19a Anomic
kansas20a Conduction
kansas21a Conduction
kansas22a Conduction
kansas23a Wernicke
kurland01a unk
kurland01b unk
kurland01c Wernicke
kurland01d Wernicke
kurland01e unk
kurland01f unk
kurland02a Anomic
kurland02b Anomic
kurland02c Anomic
kurland02d Anomic
kurland02e Anomic
kurland02f unk
kurland02g unk
kurland03a Anomic
kurland03b Anomic
kurland04a not aphasic
kurland04b not aphasic
kurland05a not aphasic
kurland05b not aphasic
kurland06a not aphasic
kurland06b not aphasic
kurland07a Anomic
kurland07b Anomic
kurland07c unk
kurland07d unk
kurland08a Anomic
kurland08b Anomic
kurland08c unk
kurland09a Anomic
kurland09b Anomic
kurland09c unk
kurland09d unk
kurland10a Anomic
kurland10b Anomic
kurland12a Anomic
kurland12b Anomic
kurland12c unk
kurland12d unk
kurland13a Broca
kurland13b Broca
kurland13c unk
kurland13d unk
kurland14a Conduction
kurland14b Conduction
kurland15a Broca
kurland15b Broca
kurland15c Broca
kurland15d unk
kurland15e unk
kurland16a Wernicke
kurland16b Wernicke
kurland16c unk
kurland16d unk
kurland17a Anomic
kurland17b Anomic
kurland17c Anomic
kurland17d unk
kurland17e unk
kurland18a Wernicke
kurland18b Wernicke
kurland18c unk
kurland18d unk
kurland19a Broca
kurland19b Broca
kurland19c Broca
kurland19d unk
kurland19e unk
kurland20a Conduction
kurland21a Anomic
kurland21b Anomic
kurland21c Anomic
kurland21d unk
kurland21e unk
kurland22a Broca
kurland22b Broca
kurland22c Broca
kurland22d unk
kurland22e unk
kurland23a Conduction
kurland23b Conduction
kurland23c Conduction
kurland23d unk
kurland23e unk
kurland24a Broca
kurland24b Broca
kurland24c Broca
kurland24d unk
kurland24e unk
kurland25a Anomic
kurland25b Anomic
kurland25c Anomic
kurland25d unk
kurland25e unk
kurland26a Anomic
kurland26b Anomic
kurland26c Anomic
kurland26d unk
kurland27a Anomic
kurland27b Anomic
kurland27c Anomic
kurland27d unk
kurland28a Anomic
kurland28b Anomic
kurland28c Anomic
kurland28d unk
kurland29a Broca
kurland29b Broca
kurland29c Broca
kurland29d unk
MSU01a Anomic
MSU01b Anomic
MSU02a not aphasic
MSU02b not aphasic
MSU03a Conduction
MSU03b Conduction
MSU04a Conduction
MSU04b Conduction
MSU05a Broca
MSU05b Broca
MSU06a Anomic
MSU06b Anomic
MSU07a Broca
MSU07b Broca
MSU08a Conduction
MSU08b Conduction
scale01a Broca
scale02a Anomic
scale02b Anomic
scale03a Broca
scale04a Conduction
scale05a TransMotor
scale05b Anomic
scale05c Anomic
scale06a Conduction
scale06b Conduction
scale06c Anomic
scale06d Wernicke
scale07a Broca
scale08a Anomic
scale09a Global
scale10a Broca
scale11a Conduction
scale11b Wernicke
scale12a TransSensory
scale12b unk
scale12c Anomic
scale12d Anomic
scale13a Conduction
scale14a Anomic
scale14c Anomic
scale15a Conduction
scale15b Broca
scale15c Conduction
scale15d Conduction
scale16a not aphasic
scale17a Anomic
scale17c Anomic
scale18a Broca
scale18b Broca
scale18c Broca
scale18d Conduction
scale19a TransMotor
scale20a not aphasic
scale21a not aphasic
scale22a Anomic
scale23a Conduction
scale24a Wernicke
scale25a Broca
scale26a Broca
scale27a Broca
scale28a Broca
scale30a Anomic
scale30b Anomic
star03a unk
tap01a unk
tap03a unk
tap04a unk
tap05a unk
tap06a unk
tap07a unk
tap08a unk
tap09a unk
tap10a unk
tap11a unk
tap12a unk
tap13a unk
tap14a unk
tap15a unk
tap16a unk
tap17a unk
tap18a unk
tap19a unk
tcu01a unk
tcu02b unk
tcu03a unk
tcu05a unk
tcu07a unk
tcu08a unk
tcu09a unk
tcu10b unk
thompson01a Anomic
thompson02a Anomic
thompson03a Wernicke
thompson04a Anomic
thompson05a Wernicke
thompson06a Anomic
thompson07a Anomic
thompson07b Anomic
thompson07c Anomic
thompson08a Anomic
thompson09a TransMotor
thompson10a Anomic
thompson11a Anomic
thompson12a Anomic
thompson13a Anomic
thompson14a Anomic
tucson01a not aphasic
tucson02a Broca
tucson03a Wernicke
tucson04a not aphasic
tucson06a Anomic
tucson06b not aphasic
tucson07a Anomic
tucson08a Conduction
tucson08b Anomic
tucson09a Broca
tucson10a Anomic
tucson11a Conduction
tucson12a Conduction
tucson13a Wernicke
tucson14a Broca
tucson15a Wernicke
tucson15b Conduction
tucson16a Anomic
tucson17a unk
tucson18a not aphasic
tucson19a Conduction
tucson20a Anomic
tucson22a TransMotor
whiteside01a Anomic
whiteside02a Conduction
whiteside03a Broca
whiteside04a Broca
whiteside05a Conduction
whiteside06a Anomic
whiteside07a Anomic
whiteside08a Broca
whiteside09a Anomic
whiteside10a Wernicke
whiteside11a Broca
whiteside12a Broca
whiteside13a Anomic
whiteside14a Wernicke
whiteside15a Broca
whiteside16a Broca
whiteside17a not aphasic
whiteside18a not aphasic
whiteside19a Anomic
whiteside20a Conduction
williamson01a Conduction
williamson02a Anomic
williamson03a Conduction
williamson04a Conduction
williamson05a not aphasic
williamson06a Conduction
williamson07a Anomic
williamson08a Anomic
williamson09a Conduction
williamson09b Anomic
williamson10a not aphasic
williamson11a Conduction
williamson12a Broca
williamson12b Broca
williamson13a not aphasic
williamson14a Conduction
williamson14b Anomic
williamson15a Anomic
williamson16a TransSensory
williamson17a Anomic
williamson18a Anomic
williamson19a Broca
williamson21a Global
williamson22a unk
williamson23a Wernicke
williamson24a Anomic
wozniak01a Anomic
wozniak02a Conduction
wozniak03a Conduction
wozniak04a Anomic
wozniak05a Anomic
wozniak06a not aphasic
wozniak07a Anomic
wright201a Broca
wright202a Anomic
wright203a Conduction
wright204a Anomic
wright205a Broca
wright206a Broca
wright207a Broca
capilouto01a control
capilouto02a control
capilouto03a control
capilouto04a control
capilouto05a control
capilouto06a control
capilouto07a control
capilouto08a control
capilouto09a control
capilouto10a control
capilouto11a control
capilouto12a control
capilouto13a control
capilouto14a control
capilouto15a control
capilouto16a control
capilouto17a control
capilouto18a control
capilouto19a control
capilouto20a control
capilouto21a control
capilouto22a control
capilouto23a control
capilouto24a control
capilouto25a control
capilouto26a control
capilouto27a control
capilouto28a control
capilouto29a control
capilouto30a control
capilouto31a control
capilouto32a control
capilouto33a control
capilouto34a control
capilouto35a control
capilouto36a control
capilouto37a control
capilouto38a control
capilouto39a control
capilouto40a control
capilouto41a control
capilouto42a control
capilouto43a control
capilouto44a control
capilouto45a control
capilouto46a control
capilouto47a control
capilouto48a control
capilouto49a control
capilouto50a control
capilouto51a control
capilouto52a control
capilouto53a control
capilouto54a control
capilouto55a control
capilouto56a control
capilouto57a control
capilouto58a control
capilouto59a control
capilouto60a control
capilouto61a control
capilouto62a control
capilouto63a control
capilouto64a control
capilouto65a control
capilouto66a control
capilouto67a control
capilouto68a control
capilouto77a control
capilouto78a control
capilouto79a control
capilouto80a control
MSUC01a control
MSUC01b control
MSUC02a control
MSUC02b control
MSUC03a control
MSUC03b control
MSUC04a control
MSUC04b control
MSUC05a control
MSUC05b control
MSUC06a control
MSUC06b control
MSUC07a control
MSUC07b control
MSUC08a control
MSUC08b control
MSUC09a control
MSUC09b control
wright01a control
wright02a control
wright03a control
wright04a control
wright05a control
wright06a control
wright07a control
wright08a control
wright09a control
wright100a control
wright101a control
wright102a control
wright10a control
wright11a control
wright12a control
wright13a control
wright14a control
wright15a control
wright16a control
wright17a control
wright18a control
wright19a control
wright20a control
wright21a control
wright22a control
wright23a control
wright24a control
wright25a control
wright26a control
wright27a control
wright28a control
wright29a control
wright30a control
wright31a control
wright32a control
wright33a control
wright34a control
wright35a control
wright36a control
wright37a control
wright38a control
wright39a control
wright40a control
wright42a control
wright43a control
wright45a control
wright46a control
wright47a control
wright48a control
wright49a control
wright50a control
wright51a control
wright52a control
wright53a control
wright55a control
wright57a control
wright58a control
wright59a control
wright60a control
wright61a control
wright62a control
wright63a control
wright64a control
wright65a control
wright66a control
wright67a control
wright68a control
wright69a control
wright70a control
wright71a control
wright72a control
wright73a control
wright74a control
wright75a control
wright77a control
wright78a control
wright79a control
wright80a control
wright81a control
wright82a control
wright83a control
wright84a control
wright85a control
wright86a control
wright87a control
wright88a control
wright89a control
wright90a control
wright91a control
wright92a control
wright93a control
wright94a control
wright95a control
wright96a control
wright97a control
wright98a control
wright99a control
